I'm gonna talk about the ethics the
ethical problems raised by this Jeremy
Epstein tobacco legally and culturally
were forced to just focus on the one
component of the story that is illegal
and the whole thing is deeply immoral
even when the young women are over 18
even if these women were twenty four
years old it would still be immoral it
would still be evil it would still be
wrong and I think we really have a
challenge in our culture in dealing with
that now some people would respond to
this I've known a couple people I
thought that only only a couple some
people respond to this and say no fair's
fair the rich prey upon the poor to
quote Thucydides the rich do what they
will and the poor suffer what they must
I think there really is a moral
obligation to be sincere with the people
you have sex wit and sincerity is not
easy sincerity isn't a virtue were born
with sincerity is something you have to
practice and hone again and again
[Music]
Dershowitz is seeking to throw out a
defamation lawsuit brought against him
by Virginia Roberts COO Frey who accuses
him of participating in Epstein's
alleged sex trafficking ring
Dershowitz says he has proof gu Frey is
lying the same woman that accused me
claimed to have had dinner with Bill
Clinton into underage girls on Jeffery
Epstein's Island this is perhaps the
most unflattering light to film
impossible
you can see how blinding the sunlight
looks in the background there that is a
Taoist temple and is specifically a
Taoist temple devoted to Matsu kind of
ocean goddess allegedly her story began
with rescuing sailors who were drowning
out at sea I hope I hope you guys can
see that all right really really extreme
conditions here to film in you see why
in the old days was real filmmaking was
a really different art before people had
artificial lighting you could film under
what you relied the light is way too
right in some places and when you're in
the shadow it's way too dark so it's
hard to see much of anything on camera
but anyway there you go for once you
guys get a sense of the climate I'm told
me look at this look at this gorgeous
tropical tree look at the vines hanging
off that thing now you get a sense of
the climate I'm filming it you also get
a sense of the cultural context I'm
filming in which I realize most of the
time here Annabel SEL you do not get
that sense of context okay now let's sit
down on the darkness here see if I can
film in conditions where you can
actually see my face hey go much better
all right I'm gonna talk about the
ethics the ethical problems raised by
this Jeremy Epstein tobacco it's a
tobacco that involves Epstein involves
the famous powerful and influential
lawyer Alan Dershowitz
and to some extent more distantly or
remotely it involves figures like Donald
Trump and Bill Clinton the extent to
which that's true is partly proven and
partly unproven now but we're mostly
focusing on on Epstein himself here I
wanted to make a significant sort of
preface to this discussion as to why it
is I'm addressing these comments to
Epstein with the presumption of his
guilt rather than treating him as
innocent until proven guilty
in many many contexts I think it's very
meaningful and very important that we
take the time to treat people as
innocent until proven guilty including
circumstances where rumors have
presented seeming evidence on the
Internet
I've been through this myself I've
commented on many other youtubers and
Internet person has been doing this very
often allegations of sexual scandal are
fake including screenshots that are fake
people made fake nude images of me like
putting my face acid party all kinds of
stuff and you know the easiest thing in
the world is just to change the text in
a in a screenshot so that somebody says
something they didn't really say all of
that goes on and also rumor and innuendo
and intrigue can take a minor
transgression and exaggerate it until it
seems like a crime against humanity so
that's a very general warning in the
last couple of days people were talking
me about the supposed sexual deviancy of
the youtuber named vouch that allegedly
this guy is a terrible for us because
sex life and I say back then look I'm
interested in talking about that guys
ethics and politics what's wrong with
them under a million different headings
but I really if you're gonna talk to me
about this guy's private sex life an
inference based on an innuendo based on
something that was said in the Internet
I'm gonna stick to the presumption of
innocence or proven guilty you know I
know that game is played in 2019 so
without having been said yes I do treat
Jeremy Epstein I do treat this guy as
guilty he is guilty until proven
innocent and one form of evidence that's
maybe overlooked or underrated what if I
get that roof in the background is a
really nice really nice Taoist temple
roof there there you go that one's not
as grandiose in scale but the color
scheme is really really nice on that um
one reason why I treat this particular
guy as guilty until proven innocent
is the significance of airplane tickets
so when you're talking about 16 year old
females who did not pay for their own
airplane tickets when you're talking
about young women where there is an
indelible record of flights they got on
so see of a 16 year old getting on an
airplane in New York City and flying to
the Caribbean
flying specifically to the Caribbean
island where there's a huge estate owned
by Epstein there's really no way to talk
talk your way out of that in court
there's no way to reinterpret the
significance that airplane ticket and
there's probably gonna be a record of
whose credit card paid for the airplane
ticket to write the these young women
were not buying their own airplane
tickets so there there is damning
incontrovertible indelible evidence of
that kind the airplane tickets alone
will speak volumes and definitely put
him in a position where he is guilty
until proven innocent not the other way
around and if I could speak to Alan
Dershowitz this famous lawyer that's
what I'd say to his face I'd say look
I'm sorry there's no way to talk your
way out of the significance of these
airplane tickets really brief note here
really brief footnote airplane tickets
as a form of evidence that's something
even the CIA has a lot of trouble
dealing with very often low-level people
assets who are working for the CIA there
will be a paper trail showing that they
got a flight between you know New York
City and Langley Air Force Base
one of these tempus Institute CIA Air
Forces and then mysteriously all of a
sudden they decided to go on vacation in
Cambodia or they decided to go on
vacation you know someplace they were
deployed to very often just the record
of airplane tickets a person has
attached to their name it will speak for
itself it will be a very compelling form
of evidence even in purely political
situations not a case like this as I've
seen so what I want to say now ethically
morally philosophically about this
situation with with Epstein to me the
most saddening thing of all is that
legally and culturally were forced to
just focus on the one component of the
story that is illegal the one component
which is the young women being underage
and the whole thing is deeply immoral
even when the young women are over 18 I
will point you this way so the youngest
women are 14 allegedly and in these
court documents so I mean allegedly but
this is formally alleged in court
documents the accounts I know about in
detail are
women who were 16 but I would say to you
this even if these women were 24 years
old it would still be immoral it would
still be evil it would still be wrong
and I think we really have a challenge
in our culture in dealing with that like
what if in a parallel universe
Epstein did exactly the same things but
the women were 24 but let's just say all
of them at a minimum age was 24 how then
do we cope with that situation now some
people would respond to this I've known
a couple people my life but that only
only a couple some people respond to
this and say no fair's fair the rich
prey upon the poor to quote Thucydides
the rich do what they will and the poor
suffer what they must so if some poor 24
year old decides to enter into this kind
of contract then they just say fair's
fair they live with the consequences and
that's it that the legal protection and
the moral protection only applies to
people who are beneath a certain magical
age certain magical agents Britain at
peace but I think that is really kind of
sick and immoral and bad and wrong I
think there are deep you know underlying
principles here I think there really is
a moral obligation to be sincere with
the people you have sex with and
sincerity is not easy sincerity is it a
virtue were born with sincerity is
something you have to practice and hone
again and again I think all children are
liars
think we're all born liars were born
dishonest we're born to make excuses
were born to say things that are
convenient and not things that are true
and have the resolution
[Music]
this is music coming out of the speakers
here at the Taoist temple I don't know
if that's it's sort of a procession or
if they're doing a ceremony inside maybe
they started playing the music as they
want to shut me up I don't think they
can hear me across the parking lot
thought there you go nice little
punctuation in the middle of morality
lecture okay so here by contrast we're
filming in front of a completely
different Taoist temple I would note
that this statue of a god horse like God
his eyes are blindfolded
for ceremonial reasons that I cannot
yeah much better lighting huh okay he
trying to wrap this up um sincerity is
simple but it's not easy sincerity is
something you have to cultivate and
practice at home you have to get great
at something you're not going to be good
at as a teenager you're not going to be
born talented at it and it's something I
think we can probably never legislate I
think there are real questions of being
responsible for someone's long-term
welfare when their short term
relationship with you impacts it
negatively
so this guy Epstein women dropped out of
school to be with him so wouldn't even
matter if they were over 18 would matter
for 18 19 or even 24 when you're talking
about someone you seriously sacrificing
seriously messes up their own long-term
future prolongs your career or to be in
a relationship with you
there are moral obligations that come
out of that can they be legislated I
think in some countries they are um I
was over 25 when my ex-wife screwed up
my whole life but you know I dropped out
of my education and career options to be
with her and support her and support her
in her education and career aspiration
so a lot of people go through that any
age whether you're twenty-five
thirty-five or what have you
relationships involve you know
commitment and they involve so sacrifice
and they involve you know being
responsible for someone else's welfare
in a way that goes much much above the
bare requirements of the law of what it
means just not to be a criminal so for
me the horrifying thing the most
horrifying thing about the charges
against Epstein is I'm burdened with the
awareness that what he did would be just
as evil if the women were twenty four
years old but it would not be just as
punishable it would not even really have
a cultural framework to deal with it and
its implications so I think that's an
area in which we really need to engage
in some kind of introspection we do
undergo some kind of cultural adaptation
or growth and hey maybe ultimately
there's going to be some kind of
legislation but you know you cannot
legislate for
qu you can only legislate the minimum
requirements for people not to be
vicious I mean really people like to
disrespect my truth but the fact is that
you know my name is I don't know